wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/room3.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/mountain.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/guardian.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/guardian.c line 12: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave.c line 26: Variable property0 not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave.c line 26: Variable property0 not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave.c line 21: Variable property0 not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave.c line 16: Variable property0 not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave.c line 16: Variable property0 not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave.c line 16: Variable property0 not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 23: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 5: Variable cave_orc not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 7: Variable cave_orc not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 9: Variable cave_ogre not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 11: Variable cave_ogre not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 13: Variable cave_troll not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 15: Variable cave_troll not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 6: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 10: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 14: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/northeast_cave_west.c line 18: Variable monster not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: Variable More not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 22: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: Variable More not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 22: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: Variable More not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 22: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: Variable More not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 22: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cboss.c line 5: Variable boss not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cboss.c line 6: Variable boss not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cboss.c line 7: Variable boss not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: Variable More not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c1.c line 22: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 14: Variable cleave not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 28: Variable number_of_ants not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 28: Variable number_of_ants not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 5: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'armour'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 5: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'reset'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 21: Variable stomp not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 21: Variable stomp not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 21: Variable stomp not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 21: Variable stomp not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 20: Variable stomp not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 20: Variable percent not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 30: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 46: Illegal to redefine inherited variable 'property'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 46: Type mismatch ( unknown vs mixed * ) when initializing property
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 46: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 47: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'property'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 47: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 46: Illegal to redefine inherited variable 'property'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 46: Type mismatch ( unknown vs mixed * ) when initializing property
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 46: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 47: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'property'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 47: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 46: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 17: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'items'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/stone.c line 13: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/stone.c line 13: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 17: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'items'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 7: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 7: Redefining inherited nosave variable 'short_desc' with a non-nosave variable
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 7: Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing short_desc
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 7: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 8: Redefining inherited nosave variable 'long_desc' with a non-nosave variable
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 9: Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing long_desc
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 9: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 10: Illegal to redefine inherited variable 'items'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 10: Type mismatch ( unknown vs mixed * ) when initializing items
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 7: Redefining inherited nosave variable 'short_desc' with a non-nosave variable
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 7: Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing short_desc
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 7: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 8: Redefining inherited nosave variable 'long_desc' with a non-nosave variable
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 9: Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing long_desc
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 9: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 10: Illegal to redefine inherited variable 'items'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 10: Type mismatch ( unknown vs mixed * ) when initializing items
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 29: Redeclaration of function init.
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 16: Too many arguments to add_action
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 39: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 41: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 40: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/daeslec.c line 16: Variable lever not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/daeslec.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/daeslec.c line 17: Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 38: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 38: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 36: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 28: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 34: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 35: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 33: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 37: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 37: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 37: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 6: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 39: Too many arguments to this_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16secret.c line 39: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 10: Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 10: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 10: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 15: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 15: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 16: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 36: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 44: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/portal.c line 23: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 10: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 11: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 11: Variable They not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 11: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 11: Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 11: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 10: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 10: Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 10: Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave.c line 10: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 22: Variable More not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 22: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 26: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 40: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 40: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 40: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16.c line 14: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 5: Variable lever not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 19: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'More'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 19: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 1: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/sarcophagi.c line 5: Variable lever not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 18: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/ring.c line 4: Variable finger not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/leggings.c line 3: Program 'obj/armour.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/leggings.c line 9: Redeclaration of function start.
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16_2.c line 15: Illegal to redefine inherited variable 'items'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16_2.c line 15: Type mismatch ( unknown vs mixed * ) when initializing items
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16_2.c line 15: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16_2.c line 16: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'items'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16_2.c line 16: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c16_2.c line 34: Redeclaration of function search.
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/sword.c line 4: Variable sword not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/sword.c line 4: Variable sword not declared !
wizards/arylith/sword.c line 2: Program 'obj/weapon.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/sword.c line 8: Redeclaration of function start.
wizards/arylith/sword.c line 10: syntax error
wizards/arylith/sword.c line 10: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 7: Variable i not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 16: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 16: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 19: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 20: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 23: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 24: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 27: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 28: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 19: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 20: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 23: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 24: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 27: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 28: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/totem_broken.c line 15: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/totem_broken.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/totem_broken.c line 16: Redeclaration of function get.
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/totem_broken.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/totem_broken.c line 16: Redeclaration of function get.
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/totem_green.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/totem_green.c line 23: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 34: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 36: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 17: Illegal to redefine global variable 'i'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 17: Type mismatch ( unknown vs int ) when initializing i
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 17: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 18: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 17: Variable items not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 18: Variable items not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 50: Variable prize not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 53: Variable prize not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 62: Variable prize not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 65: Variable prize not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 17: Variable items not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 18: Variable items not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 102: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 99: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 100: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 41: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 4: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 4: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'joneth'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 4: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'reset'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 4: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 56: Redeclaration of function catch_tell.
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 75: Redeclaration of function catch_tell.
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 94: Redeclaration of function catch_tell.
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 113: Redeclaration of function catch_tell.
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 40: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 45: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 45: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 46: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 49: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 49: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 48: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 49: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 50: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 51: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 59: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 60: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 22: Variable Kill not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 22: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 22: Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 22: Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 22: Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 22: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 41: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 42: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 43: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 44: Variable award not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/special_totem.c line 13: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 10: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 11: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 12: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 13: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 14: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 10: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 11: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 11: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 12: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 13: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 8: Variable set_short not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 8: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/eq.c line 11: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/dust.c line 16: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 2: Program 'obj/monster.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 23: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 52: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 60: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 61: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 61: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 11: Variable i not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 48: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 56: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 57: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 57: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 10: Variable i not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 46: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 54: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 55: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 55: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 47: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 52: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 53: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 53: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 31: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 40: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 45: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 46: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 46: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 35: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 40: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 40: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 37: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 39: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 39: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 39: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 37: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 39: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss2.c line 39: Too many arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c17.c line 7: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/near_cave.c line 5: Variable eagle not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/near_cave.c line 6: Variable eagle not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/near_cave.c line 7: Variable eagle not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 18: Variable There not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 18: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 18: Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 18: Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/entrance.c line 18: Newline in string
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/cave_north.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/mountain_eagle.c line 11: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/mountain_eagle.c line 15: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/mountain_eagle.c line 14: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_troll.c line 10: Variable random not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_ogre.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/cave_orc.c line 9: Variable human not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c6.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/rooms/c6.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/mountain_eagle.c line 11: Variable set_long not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/mountain_eagle.c line 11: Variable set_long not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/dragontorso.c line 2: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'a'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 32: Variable armour not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 33: Variable armour not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 44: Illegal to redefine inherited variable 'spell_words'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 46: Illegal to redefine global variable 'spell_words'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 46: Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing spell_words
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 46: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/boss.c line 50: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 13: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 13: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 51: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/merchant.c line 31: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 30: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 39: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 31: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'look'
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 31: Unrecognized inheritance modifier 'at'
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 31: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 29: Variable giver not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 29: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 29: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 31: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 34: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 20: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 29: Variable giver not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 29: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 29: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 31: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 34: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/joneth.c line 31: Variable scale not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 5: Variable merchant not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 6: Variable merchant not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 7: Variable merchant not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/d1.c line 6: Variable joneth not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/d11.c line 2: Variable worm not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/d11.c line 3: Variable worm not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/d11.c line 4: Variable worm not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/d11.c line 16: Variable short_desc not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/d11.c line 17: Variable long_desc not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/scale.c line 18: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/scale.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/scale.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/scale.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/scale.c line 18: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/merchant3.c line 33: Variable destruct not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/merchant3.c line 33: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/merchant3.c line 33: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/merchant3.c line 37: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 30: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 11: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 13: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 13: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 13: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 17: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 17: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: Illegal to redefine global variable 'i'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: Type mismatch ( unknown vs int ) when initializing i
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 21: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 16: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 16: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: Illegal to redefine global variable 'i'
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: Type mismatch ( unknown vs int ) when initializing i
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: Missing type
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 19: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 28: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 18: Illegal LHS
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 19: Variable i not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 20: Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/arylith/area_project/monsters/worm.c line 21: Variable item not declared !
wizards/arylith/eval_file.c line 2: Variable outstanding not declared !
wizards/arylith/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/sword.c line 11: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/items/sword.c line 27: Redeclaration of function hit.
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 35: syntax error
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 10: Variable short_desc not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 11: Variable long_desc not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 15: Variable property not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 16: Variable property not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 17: Variable property not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/hut.c line 18: Variable property not declared !
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/arylith/area_project/desert/entrance.c line 2: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
