wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: Illegal LHS
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: Illegal LHS
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: Illegal LHS
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: Illegal LHS
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: Illegal LHS
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 24: syntax error
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: Illegal LHS
wizards/asphirim/examples/quest_monster2.c line 25: syntax error
