wizards/dolan/dolan_ring.c line 2 :function not defined by inheritance as specified
wizards/dolan/dolan_ring.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 17 :Variable More not declared !
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 17 :Variable More not declared !
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 17 :Variable More not declared !
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/whore.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 17 :Variable More not declared !
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 27 :Illegal LHS
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 27 :Illegal LHS
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 28 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 17 :Variable More not declared !
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 27 :Illegal LHS
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 27 :Illegal LHS
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 28 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 17 :Variable More not declared !
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 27 :Illegal LHS
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 27 :Illegal LHS
wizards/dolan/insti/tow2.c line 28 :syntax error
