wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Program 'room/room.c' already inherited
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 63: Misplaced prototype for long in wizards/garath/workroom.c

wizards/garath/workroom.c line 65: Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 78: Redeclaration of function is_wizard.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 83: Redeclaration of function sort_by_name.
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 34: Missing arguments to simul_efun filter_array
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 34: Missing arguments to simul_efun filter_array
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 34: Missing arguments to simul_efun filter_array
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 38: Bad type for struct lookup: object *
wizards/garath/workroom.c line 38: Bad type for struct lookup: object *
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/cmds/_goin.c line 19: Bad type for struct lookup: object
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: Undefined function 'call_object'
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: Undefined function 'query_ident'
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 2: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Undefined function 'echo'
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: Bad type for struct lookup: object
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/tests/dmgtest.c line 16: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/tests/dmgtest.c line 16: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 3: syntax error
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
wizards/garath/eval_file.c line 4: Missing 'return <value>' statement
