wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing short_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing long_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 24 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 30 :Redeclaration of function quit.
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing short_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing long_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 24 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 30 :Redeclaration of function quit.
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 14 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/morgoth/forest/npc/elf.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 30 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 42 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 42 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 46 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/v.c line 30 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/v.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 22 :Variable OFF not declared !
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 22 :Variable OFF not declared !
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 27 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 28 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/v.c line 30 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/v.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 22 :Variable OFF not declared !
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 22 :Variable OFF not declared !
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 27 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 28 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 20 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 21 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 107 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 108 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 109 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136 :Variable i not declared !
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 107 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 108 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 109 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136 :Variable i not declared !
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/ringi.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/ringi.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/ringi.c line 16 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 31 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 18 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 18 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 18 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 18 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 1 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 36 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 34 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 34 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 29 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 29 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 31 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 10 :Variable ob not declared !
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :Wrong number of arguments to kokemusta
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 14 :Too few arguments to write
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 22 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :Wrong number of arguments to kokemusta
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 14 :Too few arguments to write
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 22 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :Wrong number of arguments to kokemusta
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 16 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :Wrong number of arguments to kokemusta
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 16 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :Wrong number of arguments to kokemusta
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/nice.c line 16 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 30 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 42 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 42 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/stun.c line 46 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 39 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 45 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 47 :Redeclaration of function short.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 49 :Redeclaration of function short.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 55 :Redeclaration of function idle.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 57 :Redeclaration of function idle.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 39 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 45 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 47 :Redeclaration of function short.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 49 :Redeclaration of function short.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 55 :Redeclaration of function idle.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 57 :Redeclaration of function idle.
wizards/morgoth/eval_file.c line 2 :Variable call not declared !
wizards/morgoth/cave/room/cave4.c line 17 :illegal to inherit after defining functions
wizards/morgoth/cave/room/cave4.c line 20 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/cave/room/cave4.c line 32 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 22 :Variable OFF not declared !
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 22 :Variable OFF not declared !
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 27 :Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/b.c line 28 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 39 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 45 :Redeclaration of function reset.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 47 :Redeclaration of function short.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 49 :Redeclaration of function short.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 55 :Redeclaration of function idle.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/x.c line 57 :Redeclaration of function idle.
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 31 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/harveli.c line 35 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/testi/ep.c line 53 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/ep.c line 53 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/room/sorhut.c line 23 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs mixed * ) when initializing items
wizards/morgoth/forest/room/sorhut.c line 23 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/forest/room/sorhut.c line 24 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/forest/room/sorhut.c line 24 :Variable Items not declared !
wizards/morgoth/forest/room/sorhut.c line 24 :Variable Items not declared !
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/eval_file.c line 2 :Variable te not declared !
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 79 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 81 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 81 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 90 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 90 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 91 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 79 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 81 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 81 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 90 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 90 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 91 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 79 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 81 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 81 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 90 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 90 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 91 :Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 82 :Variable spell_words1 not declared !
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 82 :Variable target_name1 not declared !
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 86 :Redeclaration of function start_spell_1.
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 94 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 82 :Variable spell_words1 not declared !
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 82 :Variable target_name1 not declared !
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 86 :Redeclaration of function start_spell_1.
wizards/morgoth/t/testi.c line 94 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing short_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing long_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 24 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 30 :Redeclaration of function quit.
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing short_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing long_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 24 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 30 :Redeclaration of function quit.
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing short_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 3 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Type mismatch ( unknown vs string ) when initializing long_desc
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 4 :Missing type
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 24 :syntax error
wizards/morgoth/jail.c line 30 :Redeclaration of function quit.
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 55: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 29: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 55: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 29: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 55: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 29: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 55: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 29: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 5: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 6: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/event/woman.c line 7: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor2.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 55: Variable leb_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor3.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 49: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 54: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 55: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 57: Variable sor_guard not declared !
wizards/morgoth/testi/sor4.c line 59: Variable number_of_guards not declared !
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 29: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/slave.c line 35: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/roinaa/slave.c line 1: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/testihuone.c line 19: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/testihuone.c line 19: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 107: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 108: Newline in string
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 109: syntax error
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136: Variable i not declared !
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136: Illegal LHS
wizards/morgoth/ba/banish.c line 136: syntax error
