wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 19 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 19 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/projects/katti.c line 14 :Newline in string
wizards/muadib/workroom/workroomN.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom/workroomN.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom/workroomN.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom/workroomN.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/workroom/workroomN.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/projects/tikku.c line 6 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/projects/tikku.c line 8 :Illegal LHS
wizards/muadib/projects/tikku.c line 8 :Illegal LHS
wizards/muadib/projects/tikku.c line 6 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/eval_file.c line 2 :Variable save not declared !
wizards/muadib/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 10 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 10 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/claymore.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/muadib/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
