wizards/rehti/ultralisk.c line 2 :function not defined by inheritance as specified
wizards/rehti/test/seether.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/test/seether.c line 8 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/test/seether.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/test/seether.c line 17 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 15 :Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 16 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 15 :Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 15 :Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 15 :Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 15 :Variable up not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 15 :Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 16 :Variable says not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 16 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/gateguard.c line 15 :Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/cleric.c line 11 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/cleric.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/cleric.c line 12 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/cleric.c line 13 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/cs.c line 13 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/cs.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/cs.c line 14 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/cs.c line 15 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/dormund/ne.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/entknight.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/dormundplate.c line 10 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/dormundplate.c line 10 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/dormundplate.c line 10 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/dormundplate.c line 10 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/dormundplate.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/dormundplate.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 10 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 11 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 9 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 10 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 11 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 18 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/tunkio.c line 13 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/hall.c line 18 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/tail.c line 4 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/tail.c line 4 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/tail.c line 7 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 34 :Variable q not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 35 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 36 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 37 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 39 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 41 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 37 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 38 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 39 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 41 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 43 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 38 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 39 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 40 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 42 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :Variable chat_str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 47 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 47 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable tmp1 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable tmp2 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 47 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 47 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable tmp1 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable tmp2 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 47 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 47 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable tmp1 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable tmp2 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp1 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp2 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp1 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp2 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp1 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp2 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp1 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :Variable tmp2 not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable giver not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 53 :Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 53 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 49 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable str not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :Variable giver not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 53 :Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 53 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 51 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 56 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 56 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 51 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 56 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 56 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 53 :Variable giver not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Variable giver not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 50 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 53 :Variable giver not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Variable giver not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 51 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 51 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 51 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 51 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 54 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 10 :Variable q not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 43 :Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 43 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 42 :Variable this_object not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 42 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 43 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 43 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 9 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 33 :Too few arguments to clone_object
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 33 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 33 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :Variable giver not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 44 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 56 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 56 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 47 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 48 :Illegal LHS
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 55 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 61 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/headknight.c line 52 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/tunkio.c line 7 :Variable beast not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/tunkio.c line 8 :Variable beast not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/tunkio.c line 9 :Variable beast not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/shinbracu.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/shinbracu.c line 12 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/shinleg.c line 11 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 3 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 28 :Variable attacker not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 28 :Variable attacker not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 30 :Variable attacker not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Illegal character (hex 2e) '.'
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 30 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 28 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable monster not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable monster not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 29 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable monster not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable monster not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 29 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 29 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 30 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 27 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 29 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 30 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :Variable attacked_by not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 31 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 33 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 33 :Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/nalleblockeri.c line 30 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockdam.c line 39 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockdam.c line 39 :Too few arguments to tell_object
wizards/rehti/testiblockdam.c line 41 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/testiblockdam.c line 41 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/shinryu.c line 45 :Illegal character (hex 5c) '\'
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/shinryu.c line 45 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/shinryu.c line 45 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 34 :Redeclaration of function special_move.
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 38 :Variable pikkukoira not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 39 :Variable pikkukoira not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 41 :Redeclaration of function special_move.
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 38 :Variable pikkukoira not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 39 :Variable pikkukoira not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 44 :Variable ob not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 33 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 33 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/beast.c line 33 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/ekuaxe.c line 21 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/ekuaxe.c line 22 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/ekuaxe.c line 22 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/ekuaxe.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/ekuaxe.c line 22 :Newline in string
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/ekuaxe.c line 23 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/obj/ekuaxe.c line 21 :Variable BOLD_F not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/eval_file.c line 2 :Variable ban not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 20 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/guard.c line 26 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/blockguard.c line 16 :Variable armour not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/blockguard.c line 17 :Variable armour not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/blockguard.c line 16 :Variable armour not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/monsut/blockguard.c line 17 :Variable armour not declared !
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/dormund/entrance.c line 14 :syntax error
wizards/rehti/living.c line 741: Missing arguments to simul_efun log_file
wizards/rehti/living.c line 949: Missing arguments to simul_efun log_file
wizards/rehti/living.c line 1474: Missing arguments to simul_efun log_file
wizards/rehti/living.c line 1480: Missing arguments to simul_efun log_file
wizards/rehti/living.c line 1496: Missing arguments to simul_efun log_file
wizards/rehti/living.c line 1502: Missing arguments to simul_efun log_file
wizards/rehti/living.c line 1527: Missing arguments to simul_efun log_file
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 33: Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 33: Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 33: Variable north not declared !
wizards/rehti/testiblockkeri.c line 33: Variable north not declared !
