A list of available adverbs:

angrily           arrogantly       awfully         audibly   
badly             beautifully      boredly         boldly    
brilliantly       briefly          bluntly         bitterly   
calmly            cheerfully       coldly          clearly   
closely           comically        cruelly         cutely    
decently          deeply           determinedly    diabolically 
demonically       dirtily          dignifiedly     disgustingly  
drily             dizzily          eerily          elegantly     
enthousiastically endlessly        erotically      evilly        
fabulously        flegmatically    fearlessly      fearfully     
firmly            fiercefully      frankly         funnily       
frenetically      gently           girlishly       gleefully
happily           heartily         heinously       hellishly       
helplessly        hilariously      humbly          hungrily
horribly          hornily          idly            impotently
inanely           intensly         laggedly        longingly
lazily            lovingly         magically       majestically
mercifully        mercilessly      mildly          mimically
merrily           menacingly       mightily        malevolently
meekly            miserably        mischievously   mockingly
mournfully        monstrously      musically       nicely
neatly            nonchalantly     obscurely       oddly
powerfully        pitifully        openly          promptly
painfully         patiently        pervertedly     philantropically
politely          philosophically  poetically      proudly
protectively      quizzically      quickly         repeatedly
rhetorically      remorsefully     sadly           scornfully
sarcastically     slowly           strangely       sheepishly
sensually         sexily           satanically     sceptically
shrilly           silently         sternly         skillfully
sinfully          subconsciously   subtly          tunefully
toothlessly       thoughtfully     vengefully      utterly
wholeheartedly    wrongfully       wetly           wickedly
wimpily           wondrously       wryly           wrathfully
xenophobically    zealously        zen-likely      zymotically

Syntax : cackle toothlessly           140 adverbs

Bodyparts:

head     stomach   back      cheek  neck    hand 
butt     foot      shoulder  toes   fingers buttocks

Syntax : kick Nalle in the stomach
++ Nalle 

