Help castles

Castles are used to store up players hard earned equipments. There
are different sized castles, varying from small tower to huge
keep's. Castles are pre-defined buildings, they can't be modified
after bought.

Players are allowed to own only single castle, so if you
want to upgrade your existing castle, you must dismantle the old
one (you get half of its cost back) and buy new one.

Castles up to date accomodate items specifically designed for them
including chests, guards and decorative items.

Castle security comes from doors, guards and chests. Guards can be
killed, doors and chests forced open. Duration of time required to
force doors or chests lock open depends on characters Str, too
weak characters cannot even start to force them.

Castles are owned by buyer only, (s)he is given masterkey, which
is magical key, allowing only castles owner to use it. It depends
on the person wielding the key for it to work. Non-owners cannot
open anything with it. Owners of the castle can create single
key's for invidual doors in their castle and give them away for
other people to give access past that door.

Guards can be bought to block access from one room to another.
By default, guards only allow its owner (the person morping it) to
pass. Each guard has invidual friends list, allowing max 20 other
players to pass. Max of 10 guards can be placed in one room.
Castle owners can morph offending guards back to figurines, so
random player can't block castle owner from entering his/her own
castle.

Prizes can be seen from the plaque at the castle shop.

See also 'help chests' and 'help guards'
