BASICS:

One of the basic goals in developing your character is to gather
experience. When experienced enough you can advance levels in different
guilds and train more advanced skills.

If you want to train skills or advance a level, you'll have to go to the
chosen guild and use 'train' or 'advance' commands. (See 'help newbie' if
you are a new player.) After when you are training / advancing, you can
look at your progress with the 'exp' command.

TOTAL WORTH & REINCARNATION:

When you have completed a level or skill step training the experience
gathered for that is straightly added to your total worth. The total
worth indicates the sum of all experience you have ever gathered, not
including losses of experience due possible deaths. The top characters
plaque (w from inn) displays in order the ones who have the most total
worth. You should beware of getting in trouble with someone who can
kill you in one blink of an eye.

When you are reincarnated, your total worth and your current training
experiences are reseted and set to your free experience. Beware, the
reincarnation might include a cost, that is directly taken from your
total worth. The 'free experience' stands for cost free experience, when
training skills in the guilds. This means that you don't have to pay money
for the training and the training is taken instantly. (The experience
spent on training is added to your total worth.)

MISC. INFO:

If you someday happen to notice that you are gathering experience with
an enormous rate without training anything, do not panic. Half of that
experience gathered are directly added to your total worth.

When you advance levels, the amount of exp gained from smaller monsters
diminues. Though levels after the 100th do not increase the penalty.

You can also gain experience when scoring hits, casting spells and
completing quests!

See also 'help reincarnation'.
